4.1 - Just like the waterfall project, you will start you project with the basics:
Choose your team members = Dylan, Juan, Blake, Alexis.


4.2 - Next, you will create a Scope Statement, Milestones, Timeline, and Executive Summary for the Project
Scope Statement - A short document indicating what exactly you will do and what you will NOT do
Milestones - Key points in development wherein advancement can be marked. e.g. Creation of first prototype, first testing, iterations, etc.
A Timeline - Produce a graphical timeline that indicates milestones and when you meet them. Include security milestones
An Executive Summary - Describe the problem, the process to solve the problem, the proposed solution, and the expected deliverables. Include security concerns
Each of these documents must be well-formatted, concise, and professional. Avoid misspellings, bad grammar, and disorganization.  These documents must be placed in your repo and linked to a Documentation index. e.g. create a readme.md in your Documentation directory and link all of your information there. You have total creative control here, so have fun!


4.3 - Develop your First Iteration
You must complete at least two iterations (Sprints) this week! To carry out a Sprint, use the following steps:

The Scrum Master has a Standup with the team to plan the Sprint - This is a team effort, the SM only guides
Requirements are planned and User Stories created - Don't forget security
Tasks are assigned to each member of the team
Deliverables based on each task are assigned to each member
Testing and security requirements are assigned to each member
A deadline for the end of the Sprint is decided
All outcomes that are required to finish the sprint will be documented as a means to outline the iteration
All tasks, deliverables, code, tests and testing outcomes, and deadlines will be placed on the repo
All non-code elements must be placed in the physical documentation binder
To complete the iteration, the whole team must verify that all outcomes are satisfied
A demonstration must be made of all prototypes to the customer

4.4 - Develop your Second Iteration
Follow the steps of the first iteration.
